Skip to Main Content
  Menu
Maryland.govState DirectoryState AgenciesOnline Services
Maryland.gov Home
Facebook
Twitter
Social Media Directory
Search this Site
HOME
 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE
 
CANDIDACY
 
ELECTIONS
 
VOTER REGISTRATION
 
VOTING
Elections by Year
2026
2024
2022
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2011 - Baltimore City
2010
2008
2007 - Baltimore City
2006
2004
2003/2004 - Baltimore City
2002
2000
1999 - Baltimore City
1998
1996
1995 - Baltimore City
1994
1992
1991 - Baltimore City
1990
1988
1987 - Baltimore City
1986
1983 - Baltimore City
Other Election Information
Special Elections
Districts
Electoral College
Presidential Candidate Results in MD from 1948 to Present
2022 Gubernatorial Elections - Voter Resources



Find my Polling Place	
Request a Ballot	
Track Your Ballot	
Sign Up to be an Election Judge
#MDvotes 2022

This website offers a step-by-step guide for Marylanders who want to participate in the gubernatorial elections.

To vote by mail, you must request a mail-in ballot from the State Board of Elections or your local board . Your request for a mail-in ballot for the Gubernatorial General Election must be received by November 4, 2022 to receive a mail-in ballot electronically. (The deadline to request to receive a mail-in ballot by mail was November 1, 2022.).

Mail-in ballots must be postmarked or placed in a designated ballot drop box (en espanol) by 8 pm on November 8, 2022 for the Gubernatorial General Election.

To vote in person, Marylanders can vote during early voting or on election day:

• Early voting will be held for 8 days and begin on Thursday, October 27, 2022 through Thursday, November 3, 2022 from 7 am until 8 pm for the Gubernatorial General Election. You can vote early at any early voting center in the county you live in .

• The Gubernatorial General Election Day is November 8, 2022 . To vote in person on election days, vote at your assigned polling place .

Below you will find information on:


Request a Mail-in Ballot (must be received by November 4, 2022 for the Gubernatorial General Election)
Vote by Mail (Mail-in Ballot)
Vote Early (Thursday, October 27, 2022 - Thursday, November 3, 2022)
Vote on Election Day (Gubernatorial General Election Day is November 8, 2022 .)
Accessible Voting


Register to Vote

You can register to vote during early voting. Go to an early voting center in the county where you live , and bring a document that proves where you live. This document can be your MVA-issued license, ID card, or change of address card, or your paycheck, bank statement, utility bill, or other government document with your name and new address.

You can register to vote on election day. Go to the polling place assigned for your residence, and bring a document that proves where you live. You can find your polling place here . The document can be your MVA-issued license, ID card, or change of address card, or your paycheck, bank statement, utility bill, or other government document with your name and new address.

You can update your address during early voting or on election day. Go to the polling place assigned for your new address. You can find your polling place here . At your polling place, you will provide your new address, vote a provisional ballot, and election officials will update your address and count your provisional ballot.

Request a Mail-In Ballot

The deadline for us to receive your request for a ballot using our online system is November 4, 2022 for the Gubernatorial General Election. If this deadline has passed and you would like to vote a mail-in ballot, please go to your local board of elections . You can pick up your ballot there and either vote and return it then or take your ballot with you and return it by mail or at a ballot drop box (en espanol) .

Once your application is submitted, you can check the status of your application here .


Vote by Mail (Mail-in Ballot)
If you chose to receive your mail-in ballot by U.S. Mail, simply follow the instructions with your ballot and return it in the postage-paid return envelope that accompanies your ballot.

Your mail-in ballot must be mailed or dropped in a ballot drop box location (en espanol) by 8 pm on Election Day, November 8 for the Gubernatorial General Election. If you mail your ballot, it must be postmarked on or before each election day to be counted.

If you chose to receive your ballot by email, you will receive an email with a link that will allow you to print and mail your ballot.

Marylandelections.us and maryland.gov are domain names that belong to the Maryland State Board of Elections. The email will have the prefix “absentee” and the suffix “@marylandelections.us”or “@elections.maryland.gov." For example, absentee7.sbe@elections.maryland.gov is an email we use to communicate with our voters about mail-in voting.

If you don't see your email, please check your SPAM folder and if you don't see it there, please email us and provide your full name, month and day of your birth, and the county where you are registered to vote.

Important Note: A recent change in the law requires the State Board of Elections and each local board of elections to refer to absentee ballots as "mail-in ballots" and absentee voting as "mail-in voting." Please note that this change in terminology does NOT change the process of mail-in voting.

Completing your Ballot

When filling out your ballot, remember to:

Use Black Ink to Mark your Ballot
Sign the Return Envelope. Do Not Sign the Ballot.
Seal your Return Envelope
Send your Ballot using the Postage-Paid Return Envelope




Returning your Ballot

First Class Mail – U.S. Post Office

We are urging all Marylanders to return their ballots as soon as possible due to potential delays with the U.S. Postal Service. Your ballot comes with a postage-paid return envelope, so submitting your ballot by mail is free. Your ballot must be postmarked on or before November 8 for the Gubernatorial General Election. Putting your ballot in a mailbox on election day does not mean it is postmarked that day.

Ballot Drop Boxes

Marylanders can use a ballot drop box to return their mail-in ballot. The 2022 General Election ballot drop box locations are here ( en español ). Ballot drop boxes will be open until 8pm on November 8 for the Gubernatorial General Election.

Voting In Person

Due to a recent change in the law, we now mail every voter an application for a mail-in ballot.

To make in-person voting safe, we will keep voters six feet apart and limit the number of people inside vote centers at one time. This may result in lines and wait times. The best time to vote in person is on weekends during early voting and between 10 am and 3 pm on election day.


Vote Early

If you prefer to vote in person, for the Gubernatorial General Election, early voting centers will be open from Thursday, October 27, 2022 through Thursday, November 3, 2022 from 7 am until 8 pm–Saturday and Sunday too. You may vote early at any early voting center in your jurisdiction of residence (en espanol) .

Vote on Election Day

Election day polling places will be open from 7 am until 8 pm on November 8, 2022. Election day voting will be held at your assigned polling place .

Accessible Voting

Maryland is committed to making voting accessible to all voters. All of the early voting centers in Maryland are accessible to voters with disabilities. To learn more about voting by mail or voting in person, click here .


I Voted

Click to download the I VOTED sticker you like!

  

  

Public Notices

We are required to provide public notice of certain changes to deadlines and timelines required by State Law. This is required by the Governor’s June 19, 2020 Order Extending Certain Licenses, Permits, Registrations, and Other Governmental Authorizations, and Authorizing Suspension of Legal Time Requirements. The public notices below discuss the suspensions and new deadlines and timelines.

Deadline to certify and post 2022 general election ballots and deadline for judicial review of ballot errors or content and arrangement of ballots (PDF) - September 6, 2022
Declination of Nomination and Filling of Vacancy deadline changes (PDF) - August 1, 2022
Extended Deadline to File for Candidacy for the 2022 Gubernatorial Primary Election (PDF) - Approved Feburary 11,2022
Court of Appeals of Maryland issues Order moving Primary Election to July 19 - March 15, 2022

General Election Ballot Questions

There are five Constitutional Amendments that will appear statewide on the November 8, 2022 general election ballots. There is one local referendum , passed by the General Assembly, that will appear on the ballots in Montgomery county. The Secretary of State is responsible for preparing and certifying the statewide ballot question language. A non-techinical summary of the statewide questions is provided by the Department of Legislative Services. Additionally, these local ballot questions will appear in certain counties (PDF) . Anne Arundel County provides additional explanations of local questions (PDF) .

2022 General Election Proofing Ballots (Posted 9.8.2022)

The State Board of Elections certified the content and arrangement of the general election ballots (PDF) on September 8, 2022 pursuant to EL § 9-207(a)(2). The certified ballots are below. Election Law relating to names on ballot (PDF) .

Allegany County	Anne Arundel County	Baltimore City
Baltimore County	Calvert County	Caroline County
Carroll County	Cecil County	Charles County
Dorchester County	Frederick County	Garrett County
Harford County	Howard County	Kent County
Montgomery County	Prince George's County	Queen Anne's County
St. Mary's County	Somerset County	Talbot County
Washington County	Wicomico County	Worcester County
Election Calendar

2022 Election Calendar (PDF)

Post-Election Audit

Information regarding the 2022 post-election manual audit

Information regarding the 2022 post-election automated audit

2022 Gubernatorial General Election Communications Toolkit

Help us communicate important election dates and deadlines with Maryland voters! Download our #MDvotes 2022 Communications Toolkit and its images here:

Toolkit (PDF)
Toolkit Images
Election Results

Official 2022 General Election Results

Official 2022 Primary Election Results

Data files for the 2022 Gubernatorial Primary and General Election

Frederick County results are from the August 10, 2022, rescanning of mail-in and provisional ballots. For more information, see this release from the Frederick County Board of Elections.
Election Related Reports

See the Press Room for additional reports related to this election

Additional General Election Related Reports

Under the federal Help America Vote Act of 2002, the U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC) is required to submit to Congress reports on various election activities, including voter registration, provisional voting, and voting by military and overseas citizens. To complete its reports, the EAC requires each State to provide certain election related data.

In July 2022, the EAC distributed the 2022 Election Administration and Voting Survey for states to complete for the November 8, 2022 election. In response to the survey, the State submitted this Excel spreadsheet .

Election Candidates

2022 Gubernatorial General Election Candidate Listing

2022 Gubernatorial Primary Election Candidate Listing

Polling Place and Precinct Reports
General Election
Polling Places with Districts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Congressional District (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Legislative District (PDF)
State Precinct Reference with Polling Places and Districts (Excel)
Primary Election
Polling Places with Districts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Congressional District (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Legislative District (PDF)
State Precinct Reference with Polling Places and Districts (Excel)
2022 Primary Election Proofing Ballots (Posted 5.17.2022)

The State Board of Elections certified the content and arrangement of the primary election ballots (PDF) on May 17, 2022 pursuant to EL § 9-207(a)(2). The certified ballots are below.

Allegany County	Anne Arundel County	Baltimore City Updated 5-20
Baltimore County Updated 5-18	Calvert County	Caroline County
Carroll County	Cecil County	Charles County
Dorchester County	Frederick County	Garrett County
Harford County	Howard County	Kent County
Montgomery County Updated 5-23	Prince George's County Updated 5-20	Queen Anne's County
St. Mary's County	Somerset County	Talbot County
Washington County	Wicomico County	Worcester County
Court Orders
Petition for Emergency Remedy by the Maryland State Board of Elections (PDF)
Court Order extending candidate withdrawal today
Court Order and other Primary Election Date Changes

Updated November 2022
About Us
Contact SBE
Contact your Local Board of Elections
Privacy
Accessibility

151 West Street, Suite 200, Annapolis, MD 21401

(410) 269-2840 / (800) 222-8683 / info.sbe@maryland.gov

Facebook
Twitter
MD Social Media Directory