Skip to Main Content
  Menu
Maryland.govState DirectoryState AgenciesOnline Services
Maryland.gov Home
Facebook
Twitter
Social Media Directory
Search this Site
HOME
 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE
 
CANDIDACY
 
ELECTIONS
 
VOTER REGISTRATION
 
VOTING
Elections by Year
2026
2024
2022
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2011 - Baltimore City
2010
2008
2007 - Baltimore City
2006
2004
2003/2004 - Baltimore City
2002
2000
1999 - Baltimore City
1998
1996
1995 - Baltimore City
1994
1992
1991 - Baltimore City
1990
1988
1987 - Baltimore City
1986
1983 - Baltimore City
Other Election Information
Special Elections
Districts
Electoral College
Presidential Candidate Results in MD from 1948 to Present

2024 Presidential Elections - Voter Resources



Find my Polling Place	
Request a Ballot	
Track Your Ballot	
Sign Up to be an Election Judge
#MDvotes 2024

This website offers a step-by-step guide for Marylanders who want to participate in the presidential elections.

To vote by mail, you must request a mail-in ballot from the State Board of Elections or your local board. Your request for a mail-in ballot for the Presidential General Election must be submitted as follows:

If you want to receive your ballot by mail or fax, your request must be received (not just mailed) by Tuesday, October 29, 2024.
If you want to receive your ballot via the internet, your request must be received by 5 pm, Friday, November 1, 2024 for a request sent in the mail, or by 11:59 pm, Friday, November 1, 2024 for a request sent by fax or submitted online.
If you hand deliver your request and the ballots are ready, you can pick up your mail-in ballot. You may take your mail-in ballot with you and return it by mail or you can vote it at the local board office and give it to an election official.
The deadline to request a mail-in ballot in person is election day, November 5, 2024 by 8 pm. Please visit your local board of elections' website for hours of operation.

Mail-in ballots must be postmarked or placed in a designated ballot drop box (en espanol) by 8 pm on November 5, 2024 for the Presidential General Election.

To vote in person, Marylanders can vote during early voting or on election day:

For the 2024 Presidential General Election, early voting will be available from Thursday, October 24, 2024 through Thursday, October 31, 2024 (including Saturday and Sunday) from 7 am to 8 pm. You can vote early at any early voting center in the county you live in (en espanol).
The Presidential General Election day is November 5, 2024 from 7 am to 8 pm. To vote in person on election days, vote at your assigned polling place.

Below you will find information on:

Vote by Mail (Mail-in Ballot)
Vote Early (Thursday, October 24, 2024 - Thursday, October 31, 2024)
Vote on Election Day (Presidential General Election Day is November 5, 2024.)
Accessible Voting


Register to Vote

You can register to vote during early voting. Go to an early voting center in the county where you live, and bring a document that proves where you live. This document can be your MVA-issued license, permit, ID card, or change of address card, or your paycheck, bank statement, utility bill, or other government document with your name and new address.

You can register to vote on election day. Go to the polling place assigned for your residence, and bring a document that proves where you live. You can find your polling place here. The document can be your MVA-issued license, permit, ID card, or change of address card, or your paycheck, bank statement, utility bill, or other government document with your name and new address.

You can update your address during early voting or on election day. Go to the polling place assigned for your new address. You can find your polling place here. At your polling place, you will provide your new address, vote a provisional ballot, and election officials will update your address and count your provisional ballot.



Request a Mail-In Ballot

The deadline for us to receive your request for a ballot using our online system is November 1, 2024 for the Presidential General Election. If this deadline has passed and you would like to vote a mail-in ballot, please go to your local board of elections. You can pick up your ballot there and either vote and return it then or take your ballot with you and return it by mail or at a ballot drop box (en espanol).

Once your application is submitted, you can check the status of your application here.



Vote by Mail (Mail-in Ballot)

If you chose to receive your mail-in ballot by U.S. Mail, simply follow the instructions with your ballot and return it in the postage-paid return envelope that accompanies your ballot.

Your mail-in ballot must be mailed, dropped in a ballot drop box location, taken to a polling place, Early Voting Center or local board by 8 pm on Election Day, November 5 for the Presidential General Election. If you mail your ballot, it must be postmarked on or before each election day to be counted.

If you chose to receive your ballot by email, you will receive an email with a link that will allow you to print and mail your ballot.

Maryland.gov are domain names that belong to the Maryland State Board of Elections. Our email will have the prefix “absentee” or “voterservices”and the suffix “@maryland.gov.” The following are domain names that the Maryland State of Election uses: MDElections.SBE@info.maryland.gov, Absentee.sbe@maryland.gov and support@marylandstateboardofelections.zohodesk.com. Ballots are delivered from MDelectionsbe@maryland.gov. Ballots are delivered from MDelectionsbe@maryland.gov. For example, sbe_voterservices@maryland.gov is an email we use to communicate with our voters about mail-in voting.

If you don't see your email, please check your SPAM folder and if you don't see it there, please email us and provide your full name, month and day of your birth, and the county where you are registered to vote.

Important Note: A recent change in the law requires the State Board of Elections and each local board of elections to refer to absentee ballots as "mail-in ballots" and absentee voting as "mail-in voting." Please note that this change in terminology does NOT change the process of mail-in voting.

Completing your Ballot

When filling out your ballot, remember to:

Use black ink pen to mark your ballot (Do not use a sharpie).
Sign the return envelope. Do not sign the ballot.
Seal your return envelope.
Send your ballot using the postage-paid return envelope.


Returning your Ballot

First Class Mail – U.S. Post Office

We are urging all Marylanders to return their ballots as soon as possible due to potential delays with the U.S. Postal Service. Your mailed ballot comes with a postage-paid return envelope, so submitting your ballot by mail is free. Your ballot must be postmarked on or before November 5 for the Presidential General Election. Putting your ballot in a mailbox on election day does not mean it is postmarked that day.

Ballot Drop Boxes

Marylanders can use a ballot drop box to return their mail-in ballot. The 2024 Presidential General Election ballot drop locations are available here (en español). Ballot drop boxes will be open until 8pm on November 5 for the Presidential General Election.

Voting In Person

Due to a recent change in the law, we now mail every voter an application for a mail-in ballot. The best time to vote in person is on weekends during early voting and between 10 am and 3 pm on election day.

Vote Early

If you prefer to vote in person, for the Presidential General Election, early voting centers will be open from Thursday, October 24, 2024 through Thursday, October 31, 2024 from 7 am until 8 pm–Saturday and Sunday too. You may vote early at any early voting center in your jurisdiction of residence (en espanol).

Vote on Election Day

Election day polling places will be open from 7 am until 8 pm on November 5, 2024. Election day voting will be held at your assigned polling place.

Canceling Mail-In Ballot/Switching to In-Person Voting

If you have previously requested a mail-in ballot and would like to vote in person, you will need to cancel your mail-in ballot. The easiest way to cancel your mail-in ballot request is online via our Voter Registration Update Page here: Maryland’s Online Voter Registration System (OLUP).

You can find step-by-step instructions on canceling your mail-In ballot and switching to in-person voting (including screenshots) on our Mail-In Voting information page.



Accessible Voting

Maryland is committed to making voting accessible to all voters. All of the early voting centers in Maryland are accessible to voters with disabilities. To learn more about voting by mail or voting in person, click here.



I Voted

Click to download the I VOTED sticker you like!



Election Calendar

2024 Election Calendar (PDF)

Election Results
General Election

2024 Official General Election Results

Data files for the 2024 General Election New

Cast Vote Records (CVRs) for the 2024 General Election New

Primary Election

2024 Official Primary Election Results

Data files for the 2024 Primary Election

Cast Vote Records (CVRs) for the 2024 Primary Election New

Additional General Election Related Reports

Under the federal Help America Vote Act of 2002, the U.S. Election Assistance Commission (EAC) is required to submit to Congress reports on various election activities, including voter registration, provisional voting, and voting by military and overseas citizens. To complete its reports, the EAC requires each State to provide certain election related data.

In July 2024, the EAC distributed the 2024 Election Administration and Voting Survey for states to complete for the November 5, 2024 election. In response to the survey, the State submitted this Excel spreadsheet.

Candidate List

2024 General Election Candidate List New

2024 Primary Election Candidate List

Presidential Electors

Each political party in each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia submits a list of individuals pledged to their candidate for President and equal in number to the State's electoral vote (10 for Maryland). View the current list of Presidential electors submitted by the recognized political parties in Maryland (PDF).

To learn more about the Electoral College, see our Electoral College page.

Polling Place and Precinct Reports
General Election
Polling Places with Districts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Congressional District (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Legislative District (PDF)
State Precinct Reference with Polling Places and Districts (Excel)
Primary Election
Polling Places with Districts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by County (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Congressional District (PDF)
Number of Precincts by Legislative District (PDF)
State Precinct Reference with Polling Places and Districts (Excel)
2024 General Election Proofing Ballots (Posted 9.2.2024) - New

The State Board of Elections certified the content and arrangement of the general election ballots (PDF) on September 2, 2024 pursuant to EL § 9-207(a)(2). The certified ballots are below.

Allegany County	Anne Arundel County	Baltimore City
Baltimore County	Calvert County	Caroline County
Carroll County	Cecil County	Charles County
Dorchester County	Frederick County	Garrett County
Harford County	Howard County	Kent County
Montgomery County	Prince George's County	Queen Anne's County
St. Mary's County	Somerset County	Talbot County
Washington County	Wicomico County	Worcester County
Drop Boxes, Early Voting Centers, Polling Place Plans and Canvass Schedules

The Drop Boxes, EVCs and PPPs were approved by the Board, but may be updated as ncessary. For the most up-to-date information about early voting centers and drop boxes, please review the other links on this page. For the most up-to-date information about polling places on election day, find your polling place here or contact your local board of elections. Review additional county specific information in the links below:

Allegany County	Anne Arundel County	Baltimore City
Baltimore County	Calvert County	Caroline County
Carroll County	Cecil County	Charles County
Dorchester County	Frederick County	Garrett County
Harford County	Howard County	Kent County
Montgomery County	Prince George's County	Queen Anne's County
St. Mary's County	Somerset County	Talbot County
Washington County	Wicomico County	Worcester County
2024 Primary Election Proofing Ballots (Posted 3.10.2024)

The State Board of Elections certified the content and arrangement of the primary election ballots (PDF) on March 11, 2024 pursuant to EL § 9-207(a)(2). The certified ballots are below.

Allegany County	Anne Arundel County	Baltimore City
Baltimore County	Calvert County	Caroline County
Carroll County	Cecil County	Charles County
Dorchester County	Frederick County	Garrett County
Harford County	Howard County	Kent County
Montgomery County	Prince George's County	Queen Anne's County
St. Mary's County	Somerset County	Talbot County
Washington County	Wicomico County	Worcester County
General Election Ballot Questions

From the 2023 Legislative Session there is one Constitutional Amendment question (PDF) that will appear on the November 5, 2024 general election ballots. During the 2024 Legislative Session additional questions may have been added. The Secretary of State is responsible for preparing and certifying the statewide ballot question language not later than Friday, August 2, 2024. Additionally, local ballot questions are appearing in other counties (PDF).

Link to Declaration of Rights - Right to Reproductive Freedom
SENATE BILL 798
HOUSE BILL 705

Updated June 2024
About Us
Contact SBE
Contact your Local Board of Elections
Privacy
Accessibility

151 West Street, Suite 200, Annapolis, MD 21401

(410) 269-2840 / (800) 222-8683 / info.sbe@maryland.gov

Facebook
Twitter
MD Social Media Directory