5608 Boundary Ave | Rock Hall, MD 21661 | 410-778-1595
Kent County Public Schools Board of Education
Main Governing Board
FEATURED
MEETINGS
POLICIES 
LIBRARY 
KENT COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLS BOARD OF EDUCATION
KCPS is an anchor organization that creates an environment of academic excellence through a collaborative, equitable and rigorous learning community.
The Kent County Public Schools has a five member elected board with one additional student member. Each member serves a four year term. The student member serves for one year.

The Kent County Public School system includes one high school, one middle school, and three elementary schools. Our middle and high school population is 967. Our elementary school's population totals 861.

Kent County is a beautiful, hard working community. We boast great agricultural farms, many of which have been handed down from generation to generation. Our waterways are many and we border on the Chesapeake Bay, which lends itself to our community members who earn their living on these mighty waters. Chestertown houses the governing body of our county, the Kent County Commissioners. Many beautiful, restored historical buildings are located in Chestertown. We are proud of our communities and our beautiful fields and waterways.

Kent County Public Schools' Vision, Mission, Value Statement and Core Values:

Vision
All Kent County Public School students will graduate equipped to achieve their highest potential.

Mission
KCPS is an anchor organization that creates an environment of academic excellence through a collaborative, equitable, and rigorous learning community.

Value Statement

KCPS ensures that our students come first. We are committed to providing academic excellence in a strong vibrant learning community facilitated through collaboration and built on trust.

Core Values

These are the principles we believe and drive all our decisions.

Students First
Individual learning experiences will meet the diverse needs of our students within an engaging and positive environment.

Commitment
Promoting a culture of excellence and accountability demonstrates a commitment to our students, families and community.

Trust
Through integrity, equity, competence, and transparency we build trust with our students, parents and faculty.

Community
Uniting our community requires respectful understanding of our diverse heritage.

Collaboration
Our success is dependent upon effective teamwork of our students, staff, parents and community members.

Fiscal Responsibility
Student needs will be achieved through responsible spending of the funds entrusted to us.

~~
Mary McComas, Ed.D, Superintendent

For more information, please contact Gail Manley.
Board Members
 Laura McKenzie
 John Queen
 Mary McComas, Superintendent
 Aretha Dorsey
 Frank Rhodes
 Trish McGee
Meetings
Monday, November 17, 2025
Open Session Meeting
Monday, November 10, 2025
Open Session Meeting
BoardDocs® A Diligent Brand, © 2002-2025