Skip to content
 English
SEARCH FOR:
 
Search
Join Our Team
Subscribe
Contact
QACPS News
ABOUT
SAFETY & SECURITY
ACADEMICS
STUDENT SUPPORT SERVICES
STAFF
SCHOOLS
QAC GOES PURPLE
PARENT RESOURCES
SCHOOL CALENDAR
SCHOOL MEALS
POWERSCHOOL
SCHOOL REGISTRATION
FLYERS
Board of Education
at Queen Anne's County Public Schools
WELCOME TO THE QUEEN ANNE’S COUNTY BOARD OF EDUCATION!

Board of Education Handbook

BOARD MEMBERS

The members of the Board of Education of Queen Anne’s County are publicly elected. Policies set by the Board are administered by the Superintendent of Schools, who serves as the Executive Officer of the Board. Board Members attend all public sessions of the Board. Special sessions are held as needed.

To contact a board member, please write to:

Queen Anne’s County Board of Education
115 Vincit Street
Centreville, Maryland 21617

Email addresses for each Board Member are also provided below.



Shannon Bent
Board President
District 1
2022 – 2026
shannon.bent@qacps.org

Alexis Capes
Board Vice President
2022 – 2026
alexis.capes@qacps.org

Mathew Drayer
Board Member
District 2
2024 – 2028
mathew.drayer@qacps.org

Carrie Sutherland
Board Member
District 3
2024 – 2028
carrie.sutherland@qacps.org

Kendra Eichler
Board Member
District 4
2024 – 2028
kendra.eichler@qacps.org

2025-2026 Student Board Members:
Kent Island High School: Reef Adams
Queen Anne’s County High School: Thomas Mutchler

SUPERINTENDENT & LEADERSHIP

Dr. Matthew Kibler
Interim Superintendent
matthew.kibler@qacps.org

Dr. Jennifer Schrecongost
Interim Assistant Superintendent
jennifer.schrecongost@qacps.org

Sid Pinder, Jr.
Chief Operating Officer
sid.pinder@qacps.org

Dr. Michael Noel
Director of Human Resources
michael.noel@qacps.org

Rob Watkins
Interim Chief Financial Officer
robert.watkins@qacps.org

BOARD MEETINGS


The School Board Agenda is created by the Superintendent and approved by the Board President. Individuals may request a specific topic be added to the formal agenda. Requests should be made to the Superintendent of Schools (matthew.kibler@qacps.org) at least two weeks prior to the scheduled meeting.

MEETING SCHEDULE

Citizens may attend meetings in person or view a live stream. Live streams are available on the QACTV Facebook page, qac.org/live, and ABB Cable Channel 7. Recordings of past meetings are also available on the QACPS YouTube channel.

Closed Sessions start at 4:00 or 4:30 p.m.
Board of Education Meetings (1st Wednesday of each month) start at 6:00 p.m.
Work Sessions (scheduled as necessary and advertised prior) start at 5:00 p.m.
Budget Work Sessions (typically held in January and February) start at 4:30 p.m.
All dates and times are subject to change; please check the website or call Kari Denis at (240) 913-9696, Ext. 122 to confirm.
Meetings take place at the QACPS Board of Education Building (115 Vincit Street, Centreville, MD 21617)
2025 – 2026 BOARD MEETING SCHEDULE
CITIZEN PARTICIPATION

Queen Anne’s County citizens are encouraged to attend Board meetings and may address the Board at the beginning of each meeting during the “Open Forum.”

If you are unable to attend the monthly board meeting in person, please submit your statement to communitycomments@qacps.org. Please keep in mind all comments must be under three minutes in length and follow the guidelines established by the QAC BOE.

Guidelines for speaking during regular monthly Board meetings:

Speakers should sign the roster including their telephone number and address.
Comments should be limited to three minutes in length.  Comments longer than three minutes should be submitted in writing.
Statements to the Board should relate to a matter of general policy over which the Board has authority.
Comments about actions or statements of individual staff members are not appropriate for Public Comment and should be referred to the Superintendent of Schools or Board President.

If you have a specific question, the Board will make sure an appropriate staff member responds to your question. The Board respects your desire and right to convey your message freely but asks as a courtesy to this Board and our citizens to show respect for all.

MONTHLY MEETING NEWSLETTER
Recap Newsletter of Past Board Meetings
BOARDDOCS

QACPS posts all Board meeting agendas, supplementary documents, and meeting minutes on BoardDocs. 

BOARDDOCS
APPEALS GUIDE

The purpose of the Appeals Guide is to provide the rules of procedure for all appeals to the Board of Education of Queen Anne’s County. 

QACPS APPEALS GUIDE
ETHICS & POLICY PANEL

The Queen Anne’s County Board of Education has adopted regulations for the purpose of defining and prohibiting certain conflicts; defining gifts and requiring financial disclosure; regulating and requiring reporting of certain lobbying activities, and creating a Queen Anne’s County School System Ethics Panel.

Contact the Ethics Panel

Queen Anne’s County Board of Education
c/o Kari Denis, Executive Secretary
115 Vincit Street
Centreville, MD 21617
Contact: kari.denis@qacps.org | (240) 913-9696, Ext. 122
Four Year Policy Calendar Review

Ethics Panel Members

Nicholas Deoudes – Term Expires June 30, 2028

David Simison – Term Expires June 30, 2026

William Daley – Term Expires June 30, 2027

Ethics Policy

Regulation for Code of Ethics and Conflict of Interest

QACPS Financial Disclosure Short Form

QACPS Financial Disclosure Long Form

Ethics Complaint Reporting Form Template

CITIZEN ADVISORY COMMITTEES

Education Article §4–112 requires that each county board establish at least one citizen advisory committee.  The Queen Anne’s County Board of Education believes that the school system is strengthened when community members are actively engaged.  Citizen advisory committees are an effective means for the board to be advised on matters including but not limited to: policy review, school calendar, system data review, budget, strategic plan review, and the review of the implementation of the Blueprint for Maryland’s Future in Queen Anne’s County.


QACPS has both a Citizens Advisory Council (CAC) and a School System Improvement Committee (SSIC) that it operates under the Citizens Advisory Committees Policy and accompanying Regulation.  The CAC is made up of one parent or guardian from each school, five board appointed community members, a board member, and the superintendent’s designee who facilitates the meetings.  The SSIC is made up of one teacher representative from each school, three administrators, a board member, and the superintendent’s designee.  The committees each meet six times per year.





Meeting Dates for the 2025-2026 School Year:

October 8 – Agenda and Minutes
November 12
January 14
February 18
March 11
April 15


All SSIC meetings begin at 4:15 pm and the CAC meetings begin at 6:00 pm.


2024-2025 Meetings
2023-2024 Meetings


Please reach out to Dr. Jennifer Schrecongost, jennifer.schrecongost@qacps.org, if you have additional questions about the Citizen Advisory Committees.


The Special Education Department also has a Special Education Citizens’ Advisory Committee.  More information on that committee can be found on the Special Education webpage.

BUDGET CALENDAR

The budget cycle for QACPS takes place over several months. Budget meetings are open to the public. Additional information is available in BoardDocs.

FY 2024 – 2025 Budget Development Calendar

SHARE THIS:
Back to Top

115 Vincit Street, Centreville, MD 21617
TEL: (240) 913-9696
Monday – Friday | 8:00 AM – 4:30 PM

Employee inquiries or complaints regarding discrimination or Title IX issues such as gender equity, sexual harassment and sexual discrimination should be directed to Michael Noel, Director of Human Resources, michael.noel@qacps.org or (240) 913-9696 ext. 118. Student or parent inquiries or complaints regarding discrimination or Title IX issues such as gender equity, sexual harassment and sexual discrimination should be directed to Matt Evans, Director of Student Services, starke.evans@qacps.org or (240) 913-9696 ext. 196. Inquiries regarding ADA and Section 504 should be directed to Joeleen Smith, Supervisor of Special Education, joeleen.smith@qacps.org or (240) 913-9696 ext. 168. Inquiries regarding Title II should be directed to Michael Noel, Director of Human Resources, michael.noel@qacps.org or (240) 913-9696 ext. 118. Inquiries may also be addressed in writing to the appropriate office at Queen Anne’s County Public Schools, 115 Vincit Street, Centreville, MD 21617.

U.S. Department of Education Office of Inspector General Fraud Reporting Hotline

The OIG Hotline is available for anyone who knows of or suspects fraud, waste, abuse, mismanagement, or violations of laws and regulations involving U.S. Department of Education funds or programs. This includes allegations of suspected wrongdoing by Department employees, contractors, grantees, schools and school officials, persons in positions of trust involving Department funds or programs, collection agencies, recipients of student financial assistance, or lending institutions. OIG hotline: https://oig.ed.gov/oig-hotline