Skip to content
Talbot County Public Schools -
Careers
Calendar
Students/Families
Employees
PowerSchool
OKTA Login
SEARCH SITE
MENU
SCHOOLS
TRANSLATE
TALBOT COUNTY PUBLIC SCHOOLSABOUTBOARD OF EDUCATIONBOARD OF EDUCATION
Board of Education
Board of Education
Policies
Board Meeting Information
Citizens Advisory Committee
Board of Education

The Board of Education holds monthly meetings and work sessions throughout the year. Meeting agendas, minutes, supporting documents and archived meeting videos are available.  Board Work Sessions are generally held on the third Monday of the month at 5:30 p.m.   The general meetings are held on the following Wednesday at 7:00 p.m.  Board of Education meetings are held at the Talbot County Education Center at 12 Magnolia St., Easton, MD, and the public is invited and encouraged to attend.

To access information contained in the new TCPS Diligent Community Portal (formerly known as “Board Docs”), please follow the prompts indicated below:  

Go to the TCPS website

Choose “About” (far left column)

Choose “Board Meeting Information” (item 3)

In this location, you will find a variety of information including SY 2025/26 Board Meeting dates, agendas and minutes, the link to live stream regular Board meetings, and the electronic form to request to speak at a meeting. 

Also on the main page is a link to “Subscribe” to receive the agendas for Board Work Sessions and Regular Board Meetings.  

Recordings for our July and August 2024 Board Meetings are linked below.

Link to July Board of Education Meeting Agenda

Link to July 17, 2024 Board of Education Meeting Video Recording

Link to August Board of Education Meeting Agenda

Link to August 14, 2024 Board of Education Meeting Video Recording

Please direct any questions you may have to Faith Brundige, Executive Assistant to the Superintendent, at Email Faith Brundige or 410-822-0330.

Board Meeting Agendas, Minutes & Videos
Board Meeting Info Prior to July 2024
Citizens Advisory Committee
Emily Jackson - President - District 4

Mrs. Jackson is a resident of Wye Mills. A mother of four, her school-aged children currently attend Talbot County Public Schools. She is an established professional family and newborn photographer with a studio on the Eastern Shore. Her aspiration and enthusiasm for civic responsibility and leadership began early in her life at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. She has worked on Capitol Hill, for the American Public Works Association, for the University of Maryland, and a variety of grassroots philanthropic organizations in fundraising and development.

Email Emily Jackson

Amy Dodson - Vice President - District 3

Mrs. Amy Dodson, originally from North Carolina, has lived in Maryland since 1998. Her husband, Scott Dodson, is a native of the Eastern Shore and a 24-year teaching veteran. They have resided in Easton since 2013 and have three sons who are enrolled in Talbot County Public Schools. Mrs. Dodson has a Bachelor of Science in Business from Chowan University, North Carolina. She works as a National Sales Director within the safety industry, with advanced knowledge of confined space air quality and associated contaminates. Mrs. Dodson’s youngest son has Down Syndrome, and she has been involved in Down Syndrome advocacy since his birth. She is passionate about success for all students.

Email Amy Dodson

Dyshekia W. M. Strawberry - District 1

Ms. Strawberry is a dedicated healthcare professional with over 15 years of experience in patient care, nursing leadership and nursing education. She holds a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from Hampton University, a Master of Science in Nursing, Adult and Community Health from Wesley College, and a Post Masters Certificate in Nurse Leadership from Wilmington University. In addition to her work in nursing leadership Ms. Strawberry is an adjunct professor and mentor for nursing students at the University of Maryland Global Campus.  She is an entrepreneur, successfully managing independent businesses as a delegating nurse and as a real estate investor. She is a member of the American and Maryland Nurses Associations, and has served on committees, performed research, and delivered presentations focused on a broad range of health care initiatives. A resident of Easton, she is the proud parent of two children who attend Talbot County Public Schools.

Email Dyshekia Strawberry

Ann O'Connor - District 2

Ann O’Connor and her husband Jim and have lived in Talbot County for 18 years. They have six children, all of whom have attended TCPS. Three are in college and three are still in the system; one at Easton Middle School, and two at Easton High school. Ms. O’Connor earned a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations and Spanish from Syracuse University, and Master of Arts in Spanish from Middlebury College in Vermont. She has taught in private school, public school, and college and ran a Baby Bilingual Program in three preschools in Talbot County. As a parent volunteer, she was instrumental in getting the Gifted and Talented Program started at TCPS in 2014. She has led Destination Imagination teams, served on the Citizens Advisory Committee, has been a PTO member for many years, and co-chaired the Easton Middle School Friday Night Basketball Program.

Email Ann O'Connor

Karla Wieland-Cherry - District 5

Karla Wieland-Cherry has been a Real Estate Associate Broker with Meredith Fine Properties for 19 years, and she is a Registered Nurse with 30 years experience in Public Health and Hospice care. She has multiple certifications in both fields of work. She is an avid volunteer in many community programs including Trappe Volunteer Fire Dept, Friends of Hospice/Festival of Trees, Talbot County 4-H, Girl and Boy Scouts, Waterfowl Festival, Talbot Humane, Snip and Tuck TNR, Talbot Arts Council and St.Marks Church. She was past President of White Marsh Elementary PTO, St. Michael's Band Boosters and a member of the Board of Education Citizens Advisory Committee. She has an Associate Degree in Business from Chesapeake College and an Associate of Science in Nursing from Wor-Wic Community College. She is currently working on a Bachelor's Degree in Gerontology and minor in Business at University of Maryland Global Campus. Ms. Wieland-Cherry resides on a farm in Trappe with her husband, David who is a 5th grade teacher in Queen Anne's County. They live with 24 rescue cats, 2 ponies, chickens and 1 dog. They are proud parents of Talbot County graduates. Their daughter Katelynn is a graduate of Peabody Conservatory at Johns Hopkins University and currently finishing a Masters in Vocal Performance in Opera at Manhattan School of Music. Their son Joshua is a professional Firefighter and EMT with Prince George's County Fire Department.

Email Karla Wieland-Cherry

Cynthia M. Jurrius - District 6

Cynthia Jurrius has been an active member of the Talbot County community for more than 27 years. She brings seasoned professional experience from the non-profit, government, and private sectors, with a background in mediation and law. As a part of that work, she has launched and supported innovative and cost-effective school and community-based conflict resolution partnerships. She currently serves as the Director of the Mediation and Conflict Resolution Office of the Maryland Judiciary. Ms. Jurrius comes from a family of educators and sees excellent public schools as an essential foundation of a thriving community. She and her husband have three grown sons, all graduates of Talbot County Public Schools. She is a graduate of Lehigh University (B.A.) and George Washington University (J.D.).

Email Cynthia Jurrius

Deborah Bridges - District 7

Having grown up in an Air Force family, Mrs. Deborah Bridges moved to Talbot County with her family in the 1970s. A St. Michaels High School graduate, she is actively involved in the local community. She owned and operated Swan Cove Flowers for more than 38 years before recently selling the business. Mrs. Bridges has taught floral design at Chesapeake College and worked as a bookkeeper for several local businesses. She is the President of Holly Lake Enterprises, Inc., and the Garden Center Manager of Bridges Land Management, Inc. Mrs. Bridges is married to Edward M. Bridges, Jr., and they have two sons, Eric and Marc Bridges, two wonderful daughters-in-law, and five grandchildren.

Email Deborah Bridges

Elmer Pineda - EHS Student Board Member

Tyler Murphy - SMMHS Student Board Member

Find Us

Talbot County Public Schools
12 Magnolia Street
Easton, MD 21601
Phone: 410-822-0330

Schools
Talbot County Public Schools
Chapel District Elementary
Easton Elementary
St. Michaels Elementary
Tilghman Elementary
White Marsh Elementary
Easton High
Easton Middle
St. Michaels Middle High
Stay Connected

Inquiries about Title IX may be referred to Talbot County Public Schools’ Title IX Coordinator, the U.S. Department of Education’s Office for Civil Rights, or both. 

Talbot County Public Schools’ nondiscrimination policy and grievance procedures can be located on the school system’s website (www.tcps.k12.md.us).
To report information about conduct that may constitute sex discrimination or make a complaint of sex discrimination under Title IX, please refer to the contact listed above.

Copyright © 2025 Talbot County Public Schools. All rights reserved.
Powered By Apptegy
Visit us to learn more